WAYNE: YEAH! THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKIN ABOUT.
STEVE: YOU READY?
WAYNE: YES.
STEVE: 20 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK,
PLEASE.
[DING]
COME ON, MAN.
NAME SOMEONE YOU HOPE NEVER SAYS
TO YOU, "YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
LIKE THIS."
WAYNE: MY DOCTOR.
STEVE: NAME THE AGE PEOPLE START
FEELING OLD.
WAYNE: 40.
STEVE: NAME A WORD THAT RHYMES
WITH FIDDLE.
WAYNE: PASS.
STEVE: NAME A TYPE OF BERRY.
WAYNE: STRAWBERRY.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING YOU'D HATE
TO DISCOVER IN YOUR PANTRY.
WAYNE: RATS.
STEVE: GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH FIDDLE.
WAYNE: SIZZLE.
[BUZZER]
[APPLAUSE]
STEVE: ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
NAME SOMEONE YOU HOPE NEVER SAYS
TO YOU, "YOU'RE NOT GONNA LIKE
THIS." YOU SAID...
YOUR DOCTOR. SURVEY SAID...
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
WAYNE: COME ON, BABY!
STEVE: NAME THE AGE PEOPLE START
FEELING OLD. YOU SAID...
40. SURVEY SAID...
WAYNE: YEAH, LET'S DO IT! COME
ON, BABY! COME ON!
STEVE: GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH FIDDLE. YOU SAID...
HUH?
LET ME ASK YOU AGAIN, 'CAUSE
MAYBE YOU MISUNDERSTOOD.
GIVE ME A WORD THAT RHYMES WITH
FIDDLE.
WAYNE: RIDDLE.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
TIM: YEAH!
STEVE: GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH FIDDLE. YOU SAID...
RIDDLE. SURVEY SAID...
WAYNE: YEAH! YEAH, BABY! YEAH!
STEVE: NAME A TYPE OF BERRY.
YOU SAID...
STRAWBERRY. SURVEY SAID...
WAYNE: YEAH, BABY! YEAH! YEAH!
COME ON! MAKE IT EASY FOR MY
BROTHER.
STEVE: MAKE IT EASY FOR YOUR
BROTHER?
WAYNE: THAT'S IT.
STEVE: THAT'S WHAT WE HOPIN'
FOR. NAME SOMETHING YOU'D HATE
TO DISCOVER IN YOUR PANTRY.
YOU SAID...
RATS. SURVEY SAID...
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
["FAMILY FEUD" THEME PLAYS]
STEVE: WELL, DANNY, WHAT
RELATIONSHIP ARE YOU TO WAYNE?
DANNY: OLDER BROTHER.
STEVE: HOW MANY POINTS YOU THINK
HE GOT, DANNY?
DANNY: I'D SAY HE GOT MORE THAN
ABOUT 25.
[LAUGHTER]
STEVE: I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT
ABOUT THAT.
DANNY: WHOA! ABOVE 85?
STEVE: A LITTLE HIGHER THAN
THAT.
DANNY: 190?
STEVE: A LITTLE HIGHER THAN
THAT.
DANNY: 195?
STEVE: 193.
DANNY: OHH! OHH!
THANK YOU, JESUS! WHOA! WHOA!
TODD: LET'S GO!
DANNY: WHOA.
TODD: COME ON, DANNY!
STEVE: DANNY, YOU NEED 7 POINTS.
TIFFANY: OH, MY GOD!
DANNY: I CAN DO THIS.
STEVE: DANNY, I WANT YOU TO
FOCUS FOR ME NOW. PAY CLOSE
ATTENTION TO ME.
GONNA BE A LITTLE BIT TOUGHER
THIS TIME, SO WE'LL GIVE YOU 25
SECONDS. YOU READY?
DANNY: READY.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT, LET'S REMIND
EVERYBODY OF WAYNE'S ANSWERS.
25 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK, PLEASE.
[DING] HERE WE GO.
NAME SOMEONE YOU HOPE NEVER SAYS
TO YOU, "YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
LIKE THIS."
DANNY: THE DOCTOR.
STEVE: TRY AGAIN.
DANNY: DENTIST.
DANNY: UM, COP.
STEVE: NAME THE AGE PEOPLE START
FEELING OLD.
DANNY: 50.
STEVE: GIVE ME A WORD THAT
RHYMES WITH FIDDLE.
DANNY: LITTLE.
STEVE: NAME A TYPE OF BERRY.
DANNY: BLACKBERRY.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING YOU'D HATE
TO DISCOVER IN YOUR PANTRY.
DANNY: MOLD.
[DINGING]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
WAYNE: COME ON, BABY.
WE GOT THIS!
STEVE: WE NEED 7.
[LAUGHTER]
NAME SOMEONE YOU HOPE NEVER SAYS
TO YOU, "YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
LIKE THIS." YOU SAID...
THE COPS. SOMEHOW THAT
JUST FITS YOU, DANNY.
[LAUGHTER]
SURVEY SAID...
AUDIENCE: OHH...
TODD: THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU GOT THIS. YOU GOT THIS.
STEVE: DOCTOR/DENTIST NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. NAME AN AGE PEOPLE START
FEELING OLD. YOU SAID...
50. SURVEY SAID...
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
["FAMILY FEUD" THEME PLAYS]
STEVE: 40. 40 WAS THE NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. MIDDLE. MIDDLE WAS THE
NUMBER ONE ANSWER. STRAWBERRY
WAS THE NUMBER ONE ANSWER.
MICE AND RATS WAS THE NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. THEY HAD ALL NUMBER ONE
EXCEPT FOR THAT ONE, MAN. WOW.
WELL, THAT'S $20,000, AND
THEY'RE COMING RIGHT BACK ON
"FAMILY FEUD." I'M STEVE HARVEY.
WE'LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME.